# Changelog

## 2.22.1
* Fixed `ENOENT` error on LICENSE file write.

## 2.22.0
* Added `chrome-react` flavor!
* `.eslintrc`s are now generated by `npx eslint-config-gev`!
* Fixed Husky's missing scripts.

## 2.21.0~1
* Added `pnpm` support.
* Added `--npm`, `--yarn` and `--pnpm` cli options.
* `pnpm` is now the default package manager.
* Fixed `lib` not being included in bundle.
* `gev` now using `pnpm`!

## 2.20.0
* Added `next` flavor.
* Empty dirs can now be in the resulting template.
* Added Husky
* Many inner changes and improvments.

## 2.19.4
### expo
* Fixed error due to outdate expo-cli package. Npm changed to have an error on `npm outdated` command if outdated.

## 2.19.3
* Fixed git being initialized on cwd instead of project path.

## 2.19.2
* Fixed `Cannot find module '{path}/.yarn/releases/yarn-3.2.1.cjs'`.

## 2.19.1
### expo
* Added `"app.config.ts"` to tsconfig.lint.json

## 2.19.0
### expo
* Removed `reanimated` plugin from babel.config.js
* Added `expo-dev-client` to dependencies
* Moved `index.js` to `src/main`.

## 2.18.0
### expo
* `app.config.js` is now `app.config.ts`
* Added `@expo/config` as devDep
* Added `ios/buildNumber` to `app.config.ts`

## 2.17.1
### expo, rn
* Fixed and linted Screens files

## 2.17.0
### expo, rn
* Moved `App.tsx` from `src/main/` to `src/screens/Main`
* Removed `ScreenFC_X` types in favor of `ScreenProps_X`
* Removed unused files and code from screens

### expo
* Using the new [SplashScreen](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/splash-screen/)

## 2.16.0
### expo
* Improved README
* Removed some dependencies to make it more generic

## 2.15.0
### rn
* Disabled automatic forced dark mode.

## 2.14.2
### rn
* Added Babel JSX transform for implicit `import React from 'react'`.
* Fixed tsconfig.json

## 2.14.0~1
* Added `rn` flavor.
### expo
* Removed `--watchAll` flag of `test` script. Added `test:watch` with it.

## 2.13.0
### gev
* Can now create yarn projects under another project. Not monorepo, though.

### ts, ts-esm
* Now using yarn.

## 2.12.0
### gev
* Added `author` interactive input and related author info to package.json
* package.json is now sorted.
* Moved from yarn to npm.

### expo-pkg
* Removed testing libraries.


## 2.11.2 - 2022-06-11
### expo-pkg
* Added `"name"` to package.json.

## 2.11.1 - 2022-06-09
### ts, ts-esm
* Removed `--watchAll` flag of `test` script. Added `test:watch` with it.

## 2.11.0 - 2022-05-09

### all
* Improved eslint and tsconfig files. It now lints `.js` files, like config files.

### expo
* Added `eas.json`. It doesn't mean you need to use EAS or dev-client, you may still use Expo Go and Classic build, although EAS allows you to build for iOS without a Mac.
* Added `app.config.js` with some cool defaults and configs pattern.
* Added `metro.config.js` and `babel.config.js` with configs for common libs.
* Added yarn patterns to .gitignore
* Added `withDisableForcedDarkModeAndroid` EAS plugin.
* Added new dependencies.
* Added `./index.js` to support EAS.
* Improved **jest** config files.


## 2.10.1 - 2022-05-07
* Added `tsconfig.tsbuildinfo` to flavors' .gitignore

## 2.10.0 - 2022-03-16
* Added support for yarn (berry). **expo** and **expo-pkg** are now being created using it.

## 2.9.8 - 2022-03-07
* **expo**: Added `appJson.set('expo.splash.resizeMode', 'cover');`

## 2.9.7 - 2022-03-03
* Added `.vscode/settings.json` with `"typescript.tsdk": "node_modules/typescript/lib"` to **ts** flavors, to use the TS version defined in package.json instead of VSCode TS version.

## 2.9.6 - 2022-02-13
* Improved Jest, chores.

## 2.9.5 - 2022-02-13
* Added `tsc --noemit && ` to `lint` scripts beginings so it complains about ts errors.

## 2.9.4 - 2022-02-13
* Improved `tsconfig.json`s and `eslint.[c]js`s.

## 2.9.3 - 2022-02-08
* Improved some jest settings

## 2.9.2 - 2022-02-06
* Added `declaration: true` to tsconfig.js in `ts` and `ts-esm`.
* Fixed `target` and `module` for `ts`.
* Changed generated CHANGELOG time format from `0.1.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)` to `0.1.0 - YYYY-MM-DD`

## 2.9.1 - 2022-02-06
* Added icons to generated readmes headers.

## 2.9.0 - 2022-02-06
* Added `git init` on all generators and `master` to `main` rename, if not already `main`.

## 2.8.2 - 2022-02-06
* Readme's npm badge is now downloads/month instead of downloads/week.

## 2.8.1 - 2022-02-06
* Flavors are now sorted alphabetically

## 2.8.0 - 2022-02-06
* Added `ts-esm`. `ts` was using esm, but sometimes esm won't fit your requirements.
* `ts` no longer uses esm.

## 2.7.3 - 2022-02-04
* expo - Changed package.json `main` field to `src/main/index.js`

## 2.7.0~2 - 2022-02-04
* .eslintrc.js have now included in their begining:

```js
// This is a workaround for https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/3458
require("@rushstack/eslint-patch/modern-module-resolution");
```

With it, it's no longer required to install all the eslint plugins! They are all included in as dependencies in my `eslint-config-gev` package.

## 2.6.1 - 2022-02-04
* Fixed semitemplate dir not being properly shipped

## 2.6.0 - 2022-02-04
### ts
* Now using ESM!

## 2.5.0 - 2022-02-03
* Many, many changes but as I am completly out of time and currently only I use this, won't this time put effort on this changelog.

### gev
* Converted to ESM
* Updated packages
* Simplified some stuff
* Added GitHub Actions to it

### expo
- Added many default packages

## 2.4.6 - 2021/08/09
### ts, expo-pkg
* Changed tsconfig target from es2020 to es5.

## 2.4.5 - 2021/08/09
### ts, expo-pkg, gev
* Added tsconfig.lint.json (2.4.3 haven't properly fixed it.)

## 2.4.4 - 2021/08/09
### all
* Fixed README indentation and title

## 2.4.3 - 2021/08/09
### ts, expo-pkg
* Changed tsconfig.json to properly exclude tests

## 2.4.2 (2021-07-31)
### gev
* Quick change on @latest recall message
### expo
* Fixed duplicated message on outdated global expo.

## 2.4.1 (2021-07-24)
### all
* Fixed flavor having '.js' at its end.
* Fixed oldest version catching @latest error.

## 2.4.0 (2021-07-24)
### all
* Changed CHANGELOG.md badges order
* `.git` is now ignored in dir emptiness check.
### ts
* Added **Jest**
* Added some common consts to `consts.ts`.
### gev
* Now dynamically loads the flavor, improves new flavors creation
* Minor strings changes

## 2.3.2 (2021-07-09)
### all
* Changed installation in README from ` ```c...` to ` ```bash ...`
### ts
* Added `@types/node` to devDeps, as it is commonly used.


## 2.3.1 (2021-07-04)
### ts, expo-pkg
* Added badges: **npm version** and **weekly downloads**

### gev
* Added control over the badges that will be added to each flavor.

## 2.3.0 (2021-07-04)
* [ts, expo-pkg] Removed `major, minor, patch, deploy` scripts from package.json, added `prepare, prepublishOnly`.
### expo-pkg
* Added missing `eslint-plugin-react-hooks, eslint-plugin-react-native` devDeps
* Added removal of `.git` from sandbox dir.


## 2.2.7 (2021-07-04)
### Fixed
* [expo-pkg] Added `"jsx": "react-jsx"` to `tsconfig.json`

## 2.2.6 (2021-07-04)
### Fixed
* [expo-pkg] Added `@types/react-native`
* [expo-pkg] Added `/sandbox/` to `.gitignore`

## 2.2.5 (2021-07-03)
### Fixed
* Fixed output not showing if cache version < latest one.

## 2.2.3~4 (2021-07-03)
### Changed
* Removed for now the `-V` version option (now only -v and --version are available)
### Fixed
* [expo-pkg] - Added `react` and `react-native` to devDeps.


## 2.2.0~2 (2021-07-3)

### Added
* Added `"ignorePatterns": [".eslintrc.js"]` in all `.eslintrc.js`.
* Added expo-pkg
* CLI is prettier (added `ora`)

### Changed
* Changed `"outDir": "dist"` to `"outDir": "lib"` in tsconfig.json.

### Fixed
* [ts] Removed `'eslint-plugin-react@latest'`.


## 2.1.10 (2021-05-13)

### Changed

* [ts] Commented / = changed to false the `incremental` property in tsconfig.json. There is a strange bug that it may not compile the project if removing the `dist` directory. Looks like removing the generated **tsconfig.tsbuildinfo** would fix it [(maybe it's even an intended behaviour)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-4.html), but would require the **gev** users to know about it.



## 2.1.8~9 (2021-05-06)

### Fixed

* [expo, ts] Moved **eslint-config-gev** down, for higher priority in **eslint extends** field.


## 2.1.7 (2021-05-06)

### Changed

* [ts] Added `--respawn --transpile-only` to the **ts-node-dev** in **watch** script.


## 2.1.6 (2021-05-05)

### Added

* [ts] Added **ts-node-dev** for **watch** script. **start** will call **watch**.
* [ts] **rootDir** and **outDir** set in tsconfig.json. I forgot to set them there :~


## 2.1.5 (2021-05-05)

### Fixed

* **.gitignore** wasn't being included in the generated templates. (Really fixed this time!)
* [expo, ts] Await to the now async `applyTemplate`.
* [ts] Added **lint** script. It will `eslint --fix src/**`. It is now run at `deploy` script.


## 2.1.4 (2021-05-05)

### Fixed

* **.gitignore** wasn't being included in the generated templates. (Really fixed this time!)


## 2.1.3 (2021-05-05)

### Added

* [ts] Added the package name validation. I forgot to add it when changed the code in **2.0.0**

### Changed

* [ts] Changed the order of the **devDependencies** and added an empty **dependencies** to the **package.json**. The addition of the **dependencies** is for when the user calls a `npm i`, it isn't added to the end of the package.json.

### Fixed

* **.gitignore** wasn't being included in the generated templates.



## 2.1.2 (2021-04-27)

### Fixed

* [expo] .eslintrc wrong **extends**

## 2.1.0~1 (2021-04-27)

### Added

* **templates** directory, so you can see the generated boilerplate for each flavor. They are programatically updated for each relevant **gev** version. It isn't added in the package.

* [expo] Added `*.env` to **.gitignore**

### Changed

* Faster check of installed global packages (currently for **expo-cli** package, for **expo** flavor)

### Fixed

* `--no-install` option fixed.

* [ts] Fixed `.env` and `.log` in **.gitignore**. `*` was missing.



# 2.0.0~1 (2021-04-25)

### Added

* **`expo`** flavor added

### Changed

* The command has changed from `npx gev [projectName]` to `npx gev <flavor> [projectName]`
* Now creates the boilerplates differently. Instead of creating everything programatically, some files will just be copied. Faster, simpler.
* The shared eslint-config is now `eslint-config-gev`, instead my previous personal `@srbrahma/eslint-config`.
* Code structure had major improvements and changes.
* Lots of minor changes


## 1.2.4 (2021-04-23)

### Changed

* **typescript** as dep instead of devDep. Will now use `npx tsc --init` instead of `tsc --init`, to allow it to work on machines without TS globally installed.



## 1.2.1~3 (2021-04-23)

### Fixed

* Changed **genera** to **gev** in package.json name. Whoops!
* **rimraf** as dep instead of devDep
* Added the `gev` to `"bin"` in **package.json**
* Added `#!/usr/bin/env node` to the index start
* Fixed **rimraf** for current folder on errors, if files were created.



## 1.2.0 (2021-04-23)

### Added

* `major`, `minor` and `patch` scripts.
* `"noUncheckedIndexedAccess": true` to tsconfig
### Changed

* Renamed package name from **genera** to **gev**. Found it was available by trial and error. Shorter!

### Fixed

* **gev** version output on error.



## 1.1.0 (2021-04-23)

* General changes, working version